All right let's do this let's finish this root function returning the optimal location.
So what is the next step here.
Well we just got the next date.
We just made this date to location dictionary mapping States and indexes to the locations in letters.
And that's good because what we need exactly right now is that next location in there because that's
what we want to turn in the root.
So finally we're going to update our next location of our will which so far was just initialized as
a starting location because we didn't know where we had to go yet.
So now that we know where we have to go let's update next location which is going to be the letter corresponding
to the next date.
We just got to get that letter we're going to call our state to location dictionary to which we and
put the next date that we just reached.
Perfect.
And that will give us the next location that is it will give us exactly.
All right.
And now of course what is the next natural step that we have to do.
Let's not lose track of what we're doing.
Well remember we're making a list the root list that will get the optimal path in letters containing
the locations we have to go through in order to reach the top priority ending location.
And therefore now the natural step is just to append to our route that next location which we just got.
So that's why I'm calling here the append function in which will input that next location.
Perfect So right now at this stage.
Well our route will become that C he and I and so now the next step is to get J of course but to do
this of course we're not going to repeat what we just did.
That's the whole purpose of this while loop.
It's going to repeat itself but we just need to be careful and end this well loop properly.
There is always a little touch we have to make when ending a while loop.
We initialized it well but now we have to end that well and to end it.
Well well try to parse the video and figure out how we have to finish this because now I'm going to
tell you Well of course in order to repeat that exact same process by not copy pasting this while the
only thing that we have to do is update the starling location by setting it's equal to that next location
which we just got because indeed that storing location is going to become the next location.
And then this whole process will be repeated.
With that storing location as that next location that is you know the starting state will become the
index corresponding to this new starting location.
Then we'll get the next day because we'll be on a new row and we'll get the action and therefore the
next date corresponding to the highest Q value on that new row.
Then we'll get the next location again by using our Inv. dictionary that we just did.
And then again we'll append the new location.
Therefore the trick here to finish this while loop correctly is just to update the starting location
which now that we reached our next location will become the next location and that's it.
The while loop is done.
Perfect.
Congratulations.
So let's just not forget to finish this function the root function correctly.
Well of course we would like this route tool to return that optimal path and to do that we just have
to end up with return the route.
And here we go R2 is over.
So now we're ready to make our final test the ultimate test.
So in the next Statoil we'll just call this route you know print from our starting location which let's
say will be location to the ending location here which will be our top priority location location.
And we'll see if we get the optimal path that is either this path or this path.
So let's do that in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy AI.